README.md, before:

# Engineering Enablement - Python technical interview

This repository contains the codebase and interview guidelines for the Engineering Enablement Python technical interview, which should take around an hour and a half.

It is an example of a Serverless app used at the FT - the app's original readme is located in [APP_README.md](./APP_README.md).

We will be assessing your ability to:

- read and explain an unfamiliar codebase
- work out an approach to implement a small enhancement
- discuss how you would build and operate production systems
- discuss your approach to building secure and scalable systems

As part of the technical interview, we don't expect you to get this app deployed via Serverless, or connected to GitHub or Slack.

However, you should be able to run the tests locally and validate any changes that way.

We will ask you to screenshare and talk through your approach during the interview, as though we were pairing together on a task - we are more interested in how you work, not how much code you write.

Treat this like a pair programming session, we are here to help - ask us questions and let us know what you are doing and why. You can use Google or any other resources you would like.

We're not expecting you to fully implement the new feature, but do as much as you can within the time that we have.

There will be time at the end for any general questions about the team or role you are applying for.

## Getting started

We will share this repository with you ahead of the interview.

Either before the interview or at the beginning of the interview, we recommend that you:

- check you have Python 3.x installed
- clone this repository
- set up your Python virtual environment
- install the requirements
  - `pip install --upgrade pip setuptools wheel && pip install -r requirements.txt`
- [check that the tests run successfully](./APP_README.md#manually-running-tests)
- read the original [APP_README.md](./APP_README.md) and codebase

## Exercise 1 - working with code

This section will take around 40 minutes.

We will start by asking you to describe what you think the code and application does.

Share your thoughts on why the code is organised the way it is, or any other technical choices that may have gone into it.

We will then ask you to work out an approach for implementing a small change to the app, which we will share with you during the interview.

## Exercise 2 - tech questions

This non-coding section will take around 20 minutes.

We will ask you a few questions around:

- building and operating production systems
- designing available, secure and scalable systems

## End of the interview

There will be time at the end of the interview for you to ask any questions about the Financial Times, the team or the role that you're applying for.

Good luck! :slightly_smiling_face:

Commit message:

add link to Google Doc

README.md, after:

# Engineering Enablement - Python technical interview

This repository contains the codebase and interview guidelines for the Engineering Enablement Python technical interview, which should take around an hour and a half.

It is an example of a Serverless app used at the FT - the app's original readme is located in [APP_README.md](./APP_README.md).

We will be assessing your ability to:

- read and explain an unfamiliar codebase
- work out an approach to implement a small enhancement
- discuss how you would build and operate production systems
- discuss your approach to building secure and scalable systems

As part of the technical interview, we don't expect you to get this app deployed via Serverless, or connected to GitHub or Slack.

However, you should be able to run the tests locally and validate any changes that way.

We will ask you to screenshare and talk through your approach during the interview, as though we were pairing together on a task - we are more interested in how you work, not how much code you write.

Treat this like a pair programming session, we are here to help - ask us questions and let us know what you are doing and why. You can use Google or any other resources you would like.

We're not expecting you to fully implement the new feature, but do as much as you can within the time that we have.

There will be time at the end for any general questions about the team or role you are applying for.

## Getting started

We will share this repository with you ahead of the interview.

Either before the interview or at the beginning of the interview, we recommend that you:

- check you have Python 3.x installed
- clone this repository
- set up your Python virtual environment
- install the requirements
  - `pip install --upgrade pip setuptools wheel && pip install -r requirements.txt`
- [check that the tests run successfully](./APP_README.md#manually-running-tests)
- read the original [APP_README.md](./APP_README.md) and codebase

## Exercise 1 - working with code

This section will take around 40 minutes.

We will start by asking you to describe what you think the code and application does.

Share your thoughts on why the code is organised the way it is, or any other technical choices that may have gone into it.

We will then ask you to work out an approach for implementing a small change to the app.

During the interview, we will share information on the change [in this Google Doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1rXFLacMFDsJmUdf5Pvm6FE_r4wjSWTeXNLZund-d6pI/edit).

## Exercise 2 - tech questions

This non-coding section will take around 20 minutes.

We will ask you a few questions around:

- building and operating production systems
- designing available, secure and scalable systems

## End of the interview

There will be time at the end of the interview for you to ask any questions about the Financial Times, the team or the role that you're applying for.

Good luck! :slightly_smiling_face:
